all right my plans are in the car
sometimes we say I want a chocolate cake
for my birthday treat saying oh I came
to die die die die I heal overhauls beds
my plan plan plan fine a plane all my
favorite games games games games give me
a shout and hug be out out out out on
Raj what computer started getting really
slow my plans are in the car sometimes
we say I won of chocolate cake for a
birthday treat saying oh oh to go burn
my Rogers filled club Marvin don't calm
East emphasis on cause Brooks burn it
once an average burn me too or the dog
calm this thought I came to kill kill
kill kill not you to project me kill my
mom no no no I'm good murder Raja - nine
nine nine Lord but just like I thought
why not die die die die he did watch
in the rosin I met Michael Rosen I'm
gonna cry my clans in the car the clans
in the car sometimes say I won of
chocolate cake for the birthday treat
saying oh go burn what Film Club Barbra
calm it's on Autosports burn it once
networks burn need to bother the dog
calm he's ever saw
you